docs: document AS CHANGELOG net-effect limitation (#1276)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/data-types/data-type-jsonb.md

- Numbers not representable by IEEE 754 double precision floating point may have poor interoperability, notably numbers in the `bigint` type larger than `(2**53)-1`.
- Avoid using a `JSONB` column for `GROUP BY` and `ORDER BY` clauses or `PRIMARY` and `INDEX` keys. The exact behavior may change in the future.
  - The suggested usage is to extract the target field and cast to a simple type.

> - If you have JSON data contained in a string, use the [Struct](/sql/data-types/data-type-struct.md) type instead of JSONB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have JSON data contained in a string..
  * use `STRUCT` if the schema is known,
  * or use `VARCHAR` and convert it into `JSONB` later.
```
